{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww12000\viewh12920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Kayla Ilene Smith Resume\
323 W. 35th St. Unit 309\
Steger, IL 60475\
Telephone : (312)-508-2828\
Email : KAYLAILENE06@gmail.com\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 \
\ul \
\ulnone 	Highly educated and devoted with the skill of learning and instantly adapted to any given occupation, job, or careers sought after. With willingness and a quick eye for perfection, I lead with honesty and humbleness. This drive gives myself an edge over others in the fields of my choice. I listen but also lead from requests given. Proper work ethics that were planted in myself were developed very young and I am a harder work with a friendly personality who views work as optimistic, a learning experience, creative environment, and movement in life. With extreme dedication and also understanding of making my clients and customers expected comfortable needs and desires, I live and work towards work environments where I do the best I can as an employee and to build a career to work field I desire. Friendly, flexible, wise, and creative I am the employee that built herself with a good structure.\ul \
\ulnone \
\

\b Macy\'92s (Remote Location) (August 2015 - Present) \

\b0 \ul - Remote Location Consultant\
- Customer Service \
\ulnone \
	As a Macy's work from home representative. It is my duty to comply with customer needs and demands. Multi task daily virtual requests for both Macy's as an employer and global Macy's clientele as a Macy\'92s representative. Customer service position that is a 24/7 work environment that provides order generating and customer service support to Macy clients around the clock. \
\
\

\b eDegree (February 2015 - August 2015) \

\b0 \ul - Advisor\
- Independent Contractor \
\
\ulnone 	I advised individuals and companies that their solution to a progression in education and business was only a step away. I represented my company in the online / call center industry that skills included; Telecommuting, Customer Service, and Marketing fields. I was advised to consult individuals and organizations of advancements in education and career. Assisting my clients with their next big decision in their education, or career fields. My role would then entail aligning direct communications between adversaries and prospects. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \

\b Art Van Furniture (August 2014 - January 2015)\

\b0 \ul - Home Furnishing Consultant \
- Assistant Manager Trainee \
\ulnone 	\
	A home decor store with an edgy environment, and I contributed to the newly developed and renovated company in 2014 headed by Founder and Chairman Mr. Art Van Elslander. While I was an consultant I gave the company my services and delivery methods, as well as gave the store created an amazing company with a story to tell while directing a consultant team. The passion and dedication I had helped launch my store on a continuous basis, and each day I displayed a fresh innovation and growth in my sense of work ethics. Through perseverance and business-savvy, my experience was a establishment from hard work and a positive state of mind. \
\

\b ExpressJet Airlines (June 2013 - August 2014)\

\b0 \ul - Flight Attendant\
- CPR  Certified \
- Customer Service\
\ulnone \
	As a Flight Attendant at ExpressJet Airlines, I assist in assuring the traits of safety, comfortability, and respect.  I am committed to connecting more people, more often, to the places they love and desire. Putting my passenger safety first and everything that I do I treat the people that I encounter on a daily basis with dignity and respect is a must in my work ethics. I operate with honesty, integrity, and the transparency to my daily skills. I am a smart worker with commitment to continue to have self-improvement with this airline. At the end of the day I take pride in making sure that the job is done right but also do it in the friendly and wise manner to continue building the company to its vision as well as excelling as a person and employee.\
\
\

\b State Farm Insurance\
(2008-2010)\

\b0 \ul - Office Agent\
- Assistant Manager\
- Office Assistant\
\ulnone \
	With being employed by a highly acclaimed national rated insurance company such as State Farm insurance, I learned the value of being attentive to the customers needs on an any moment demand. The skill I possess with the company was that I treated my employees and my customers with respect and I understood the sociable and structured work nature that then developed me into the sales and associative career person that I am to date. State Farm was an honor to be employed by and the customers that I encountered can say to date that I remain generous and courteous and treated them but the respect and proper protocol that was needed.\
\
\
\

\b MetLife Auto & Home Insurance (2006-2010)\

\b0 \ul - Office Assistant\
- Claims Agent\
\ulnone \
	MetLife auto and home insurance is nationwide insurance company that I had been employed by (2006-2010). Assisting the duties in the MetLife office of Las Vegas, Nevada I built up a clientele and understood the demands and needs of my clients that came in and out on a daily basis. To attend to needs, as well as develop a communication between yourself and the client it is important to understand the expectations and wants to from customers as well as compromise when necessary in the result of accomplishing missions. While working at MetLife I developed sales and association skills that have transferred onto the careers that I've chosen to date. Good experiences came out of this company while I was employed by them.\
\
\

\b Pier 1 Imports (2010-2011)
\b0 \
\ul - Customer Service\
- Visual Designer\
- Sales Associate\
\ulnone \
	As assistant decorator as well as sales associate at Pier 1 imports this company specializes in imported home furnishing and decor practically in furniture& accessories  for the general public. I assisted the store by assisting in sales association then getting promoted to visual designer at the location to give the true warmth and meaning of Pier 1's vision to the customers to view through out shopping. Organization and creativity are key skills that Pier 1 processes and those traits are what I excelled at while being employed by them. I gave wonderful customer care and store responsibilities were accomplished by myself and my work on a daily basis was well done with precision.\
\
\
\

\b Education\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 High School/College
\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \ul \
- Sierra Vista High School Las Vegas, NV\
- Barrington High School Barrington, IL\
- Harper Community College Palatine, IL\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 Skills\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 \ul - Bilingual in French, Spanish, and English\
- Computer software skilled in various processors/systems\
- Typing Speed WPM (98) \
}